Hi all connections 

    I wanted to share my story about ; “How I found my first internship and how was my experience during that internship…” 
    
    First of all, I don’t know if I am a good writer or not but still, I will do my best. 

	I will tell you about myself, how was I before getting in this internship. First thing I was rarely using any social media; no whats app , no Facebook, no Instagram etc. If I create account on social media then it was only for temporary communication purpose after that I just delete that account,(that was my nature since past 2-3 years). There was the group on whats app for Internship in my college but I had deleted whats app account so I won’t get any internship from my college (and most of those internships were from marketing or finance) and I have to find internship at my own. Now the situation is I was not having any skill , not having any certificate , not a single social activity like volunteering etc.  So, situation was very tough because without any of this no company will accept me as an intern. I was doing MBA but I don’t know how to do marketing , (because it needs too much of social activity), H.R. branch also falls under this category, because I am from technical background (Engineering) I was not having any interest in finance.
	
    Now in this situation my friend Vikas advised me take interest in Data Science because I was from technical background and I love calculus. As I am doing MBA it will further help in Business Analytics. I have started my journey at the starting of June 2020 and within 2 months I have learned so many things achieved many certifications from various sites like Coursera and DataCamp.
	
    But now only one thing needed, the practical experience. Now during these two months I was also trying to get an Internship on Internshala (because I have no contact or no reference for this type of internship). I had applied to many internships and every time got rejected. Some times they ask for more skills which I have not learned yet, sometimes they didn’t even reply and many times there were 2000-3000 applicants for a single internship position. Now due to all of these, sometimes I didn’t even know what to do?? But on 5th August I opened my Internshala application and found that the status of my application at The Sparks Foundation turned to “HIRED” from “Application under review”. I can not express my feeling that I have found internship after 2 months of continuous effort on my own without even a single help from another person or a reference. This was a huge relief for me because now I will get some real experience.
	
    I was too excited and for this internship, during this internship I have built my awesome LinkedIn profile, I have learned a completely new software “Tableau”. Completed all of my tasks given to me, during this I was helped by other interns and all the #mentors specially (Aman Mittal). We learned from each other and we will stay connected via LinkedIn. I think this one month of internship passed too quickly, and still a lot to know, a lot to discuss. Now after this internship I am some what open to social world (I think it will take time to get fully open for this), I don’t know how to describe those tiny-little things which I have learn during this one month but I will always be thankful to The Sparks Foundation for giving me this opportunity and I am glad that got my first ever internship at The Sparks Foundation.
